Add python-toolbox migration guide (#290)
exasol/python-toolbox: doc/user_guide/migrating.rst

Reviewer: Mention also the need to create the `version.py`

Author: Would make sense to mention this in the standard project format as this is not only relevant for migration.

Reviewer: Mention the expected release process when migrating to toolbox:
`nox -s release:prepare` and then push tag....

Author: This is not required can be done manually, still documenting the  standard way would make sense but not in the migration imho. For me this would be rather some standard information. Similar to what we have in the developer docs.

> Migrating Legacy Projects

Reviewer 2: I think this is and was the most important section to me. 
Thanks for adding that, @Nicoretti !

=========================

Migrating old projects to a new project setup and the :code:`python-toolbox` can be tedious and annoying. This guide will try to provide some basic steps and guidance to simplify this process.

.. _before_you_migrate:

What a Project Should Have Before You Migrate
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

* The project configuration should be :code:`pyproject.toml` based. **[Required]**
* The project should be :code:`poetry` based. **[Required]**
* Dependencies should point only to officially published dependencies on PyPI (no git references or similar) **[Required]**.
* The project documentation should be :code:`sphinx` based **[Required]**.
* Automated tasks within the project should be available as Python code or `Nox`_ tasks. **[Helpful]**

Iterative Migration Guide
++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Ensure you comply with the basic requirements for your project. Follow these steps for a smooth migration process.

1. Introduce Nox
----------------

> As a first step, it is generally advisable to introduce `Nox`_ as a task runner if it is not already in use. Since the :code:`python-toolbox` uses `Nox`_ as its foundation, this simplifies the migration to the toolbox and enhances the user's understanding of `Nox`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a first step, it is generally advisable to introduce `Nox`_ as a task runner if it is not already in use. Since the :code:`python-toolbox` uses `Nox`_ as its foundation, this simplifies the migration to the toolbox and integrating project-specific tasks.
```

-------------------------------------
This can be done incrementally for different checks of your project, such as linting, typing, documentation, and other tasks.

.. note::
   If test execution isn't performed in the standard way (e.g., :code:`pytest test/unit`, :code:`pytest test/integration`, :code:`pytest test`), you will need to overwrite the test-specific Nox tasks and will not be able to use the default ones.

3. Establish a Baseline
-----------------------
Configure code quality and settings in the :code:`pyproject.toml` and establish a baseline for your project. If necessary, create tickets for further improvements, especially if major parts of your code need suppression, e.g., in the mypy configuration.

TODO: Add config examples and links to config

4. Introduce GitHub Workflows
-----------------------------
Install the GitHub workflows provided by the :code:`python-toolbox` for futher details refer to the section :ref:`GitHub Workflows`.

.. attention::
   This is just guidance. If you have a good understanding of the standard project setup, technologies, and tools used, feel free to diverge at any point or exercise your own judgment.

> .. _Nox: https://github.com/exasol/python-toolbox/pull/289

Reviewer 2: What is the purpose of this reference?

Author: Good point, looks like the copy and paste buffer contained the wrong content :sweat_smile:

Migration Progess
+++++++++++++++++

> Could be tracked in a format and based on the information listed in the example bellow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following checklist may help you tracking your migration.
```

Migrating Legacy Projects
=========================

Migrating old projects to a new project setup and the :code:`python-toolbox` can be tedious and annoying. This guide will try to provide some basic steps and guidance to simplify this process.

.. _before_you_migrate:

What a Project Should Have Before You Migrate
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

* The project configuration should be :code:`pyproject.toml` based. **[Required]**
* The project should be :code:`poetry` based. **[Required]**
* Dependencies should point only to officially published dependencies on PyPI (no git references or similar) **[Required]**.

> * The project documentation should be :code:`sphinx` based **[Required]**.

Author: I think a quick look in the standard structure of a new project as mentioned bellow is better as it is more likely to stay in sync with the project needs.

> * Automated tasks within the project should be available as Python code or `Nox`_ tasks. **[Helpful]**

Reviewer: Maybe also mention the expected test folder structure?
test/unit test/integration?

Author: I think a quick look in the standard structure of a new project as mentioned bellow is better as it is more likely to stay in sync with the project needs.
